Respected Sir/Mam
We have been given a platform to show various incidents or activities happening in a day in our country i.e. India, herewith we are portraying the livelihood of a “so called” poor family comprises four members, their daily activities, their approach towards life etc. The four members consist of the father, the mother and their two children who are living with little and incomplete basic necessities of life but are happy & complacent enough with their surroundings. By the clippings uploaded, we tried to showcase the regular day of that Family. Starting from their wake up call to how they spend their whole day, earning their livelihood to how they happily end up their day with a new hope for a new day. The day starts up around 4:30 am in the morning, the time they leave their so called home to their daily stand i.e. near the most famous Sukreshwar Temple, the Lord Shiva Temple of Guwahati & where the parent start putting their small PAAN Shop & the children enters the porch of the temple for the begging of their morning meal by the devotees. We would like to state here that the entire morning basic activities like wake up activities to shower are carried out by the drain water as shown in the clips. There the children beg for themselves and their parent’s breakfast and the children also meet their friends who are beggar. After having their breakfast they go towards a kind of drain. But for the family the drain is their Bathtub, both the children bathe in that drain where the water of mighty Brahmaputra comes as supply water. We people never ever will have this gut to wash our body with that water which they use for cooking, washing, and bathing. Then they get ready to go to study in a govt. Bengali School. There we can see that though the family is poor but the father still satisfies the demand of his children to make them happy and the reaction after that can be seen in the footage. After coming from school they eat their lunch in packets which are again begged and this shows their condition how they eat their square meal. After that around 7:30pm they go back to their house and the children immediately after so much of work goes to sleep & then we can see how the parent converse with each other on how they can save their money. The mother complains that the edible oil has been finished and that they must buy it tomorrow. The father says that he doesn’t have much money to buy it. The father is addicted to alcohol and we can see that the mother is shouting at the father to leave all this addiction to save money for their survival and adds on saying that instead of telling her to stop the necessary spending on houseful activities he should himself stop taking alcohol and unwanted materials for their betterment. But lastly they smile that they are happy enough as compared to the rich ones as they have so much at least to fulfill their small desires though they are pedaling for their better life.

The motto behind the film is to deliver a message of optimism & to learn how to live life at fullest with the handful of ...............................................................
